for each state unit, the principle is that for every node you are listening out for, after your listener 
for that node has been called, your state has to be correct and appropriate for the context up to and including the node you just listened to.

e.g. the note-distance.ts stateunit might listen out for when we enter each ".Note". after the ".Note" listener is called, your note-distance
state must have the correct value corresponding to the distance of the .Note you just explored - i.e. your state's value (in this case your distance value) should
be the distance value for the Note you just explored, and not the distance for a previous Note (i.e. a note in a different sound) that was explored prior, or the distance for the next .Note that is to be explored.

This makes it so that other stateunits can consistently query your stateunit's current value and be assured that it is accurate.

Maybe we can make it so that rules aren't emitted right away for every node we visit, but
we only emit rules if they are one of the exposed rules of a group or they are requested by an external stateunit
using the context.requestExternalState() method. This makes it so we save computation for
rules that are placed in the dependency list of a state but are eventually not requested by the state.

each state contains a list of DefferedEmission calls, and whenever we request the state, only then do we emit the
DeferredEmission calls that are associated with the requested state.

Also, think about how this will work with the rule aggregator for the group (rule reducer). How could it be possible
to provide the accurate state for the rule to the rule aggregator when we perhaps never updated teh state because
it was never requested. We should maybe update how the rule aggregator works so we know the actual rules
that are necessarily being aggregated. maybe make it so that the aggregator itself is not a reducer, but
the aggregator returns a reducer for the final aggregated state. the aggregator is only given the rule names
so when they return the aggregator for that rule, we know that we should update that rule. or maybe something similar


instrument of the same instrument group (e.g. the group "stringed") should have the same syntax for measure components (i think)
so guitar and bass should have same measure component syntax (i think this is the best apporach)